♪ MTV ♪
[Nathan] How long is
your family staying, Tommy?
[Tommy]
Only one of 'em is my family,
and I'm working on it.
Work faster.
[grunts]
[Jimenez]
We don't want your oil here.
[Tommy] You sell a product that
your customers are dependent on.
Yes.
[Tommy] It's the same.
Ours is just bigger.
[Rebecca]
Here's what you're going to do.
You are going to take
your eight-figure settlement
like men.
[Tommy laughing]
I'm sorry.
We're not negotiating.
This is a surrender.
Successful relationships
require sacrifice.
It's a huge mistake.
Say yes.
- Oh, stop, stop! [shouts]
- Get on the blocks, worm.
- What?
- Kill the rig!
How'd it go?
She's running.
Well, I don't like gambling,
but it paid off this time.
[Ariana]
Cooper, I need to see you.
Can you do that for me?
Yeah. Yeah, I can do that.
Are we moving here for good?
[squeals]
[Angela laughs]
I must be out
of my fucking mind.
♪ slow, gentle music ♪
***
[Dale]
Yeah, it's about the same
as the one we just worked over.
[grunts]
We should work
this whole field over.
I mean, these are all 35 years
or more in production.
How many total, Boss?
Uh, 17, I think.
- All right.
- [sinister ringtone playing]
Oh, shit.
Morning, honey.
Let's make a new rule.
Any time you spend the night
banging me on all fours,
you take my call the next
morning, you fucking asshole.
Honey, I'm working, okay?
- See?
- Aww, hi, boys.
- Hey, Ange.
- It's so early.
Well, you know what they say
the early bird gets.
Well, I know what
he could've gotten.
- [Boss] Oh!
- [Dale] Oh!
- [chuckles]
- Honey, they just saw that.
[laughs]
Who cares?
I'm just having fun.
When will you be home?
I don't know, probably late.
We're checking wells.
- In time for supper?
- Maybe?
Well, you better be.
Cooper's coming.
- It's family dinner night.
- Since when?
Since I thought of it
when I woke up this morning.
Let's say 7.
I got to drive
a 300-mile loop, honey.
Do you think
you can apply
a little fucking effort
into repairing the damage
that's been done to our family?
What damage
are you talking about?
All I said is I'm working,
and I'll get there when I can.
Picking up right where
we fucking left off, huh?
Exactly. Picking up
where we left off,
which is what
I fucking told you.
Geez.
Grumpy.
Okay. I'll see you at 7.
I love you.
All right,
yeah, I love you, too.
Oh, and I'm gonna do
a little more shopping.
This place looks
like a fucking frat house.
But don't worry, I still have
Victor's credit card, okay?
Love you. Bye.
Love you, honey. Bye.
[phone chimes]
So, you and Angela.
Giving it another go.
Yeah, we're trying to.
It's pretty hard to say no
to her when she's not--
- Dressed? Yeah.
- Yeah.
- [laughs]
- [Dale] Well, is she aware
that Nate and I are gonna be
at this dinner, you know,
'cause we fucking live there?
She's not thinking
that deep inside it, Dale.
- [laughs]
- [Boss] Can I come to dinner?
I mean, I don't want to eat.
I just want to sit
in the corner and watch her.
[chuckles]
Why not?
We can use all the witnesses
we can get.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
[line ringing]
[phone ringing]
- Yeah?
- [Tommy over phone] Hey, Monty.
Listen, these Andrews wells
are underperforming.
They're about the same age
as that other one
the other day
and about the same production.
Do you want us to keep this
work-over crew going or what?
[sighs]
How many wells?
Seventeen.
Well, I don't like
pressing my luck.
Look, they all pull
from the same field,
so there's no risk,
there's just expense.
And Monty, the things are old,
and they need to be serviced.
I mean, that last one
was proof of that, wasn't it?
Work them over one at a time.
I want to see
new production reports
- before you start the next one.
- Yes, sir.
All right.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
My God. I'll tell you what,
trying to get money
from a billionaire
is like pulling teeth.
I mean, you would've
thought I just asked
- the fucking guy for a kidney.
- [laughter]
Well, that's how he became
a billionaire.
No, he became a billionaire
from betting everything
on black, and he hit.
That's how you stay
a billionaire.
Once you get the house's money,
you start pinching every penny.
You know,
that's what I need to find.
Some of that
fucking house money.
No, what you need to do
is quit getting
fucking divorced, dude.
- [Dale laughs]
- No, what you both need to do
is stop getting fucking married.
If ever two people should be
single, you two motherfuckers.
- You forget, I know your wife.
- Uh-huh.
You run from her
like a scalded dog.
- Oh. [laughs]
- So don't give me that shit.
Okay, maybe so.
But she don't call me
at 8 in the morning,
buck-ass naked
- for all my friends to see.
- [Dale laughs]
And then chew my ass out
before telling me
she's going shopping
with another man's credit card.
You say that
like it's a bad thing.
- [engine starts]
- [laughs]
[engine starts]
♪ gentle music ♪
***
[shifter clicks]
[engine turns off]
♪ slow, somber music ♪
***
[doorbell rings]
- Hey.
Thanks for coming.
- Come in.
- I'm, uh...
It's fine. I'm used to it.
You can take them off in here.
[exhales]
[Ariana sighs]
When someone dies,
it is tears and meals
and then a funeral.
And then the business of death.
Elvio did all the papers.
None of it makes sense to me.
Okay. Uh...
[sighs]
Okay, so this is, uh,
this is your mortgage statement.
Looks like he's got it set up
on auto debit.
$1,347 a month?
And this one is...
car insurance.
$325 a month.
You have any credit cards?
- Uh, a debit card.
- Okay.
Is this your only bank account?
I don't know.
Well, you've got $17,000
in this account.
That's pretty good.
That's gonna cover these bills
for about six months.
I got to sell the house.
Well, look, you're just
trading mortgage for rent.
I would sell the truck.
- It's paid for.
- [baby fussing]
Plus, brings
your insurance down,
lowers your expenses.
[baby crying]
[Ariana shushing]
Um, Elvio was contributing
to a 401(k).
I'm not sure exactly
how much is in there,
but that's your money.
I can ask how you collect it--
Uh...
[clears throat]
[chuckles]
I'll-I'll give you a minute.
[baby fussing]
Hey, you have a lawnmower?
♪ dramatic music ♪
***
- Thank you.
- Right this way, please.
All right.
[Bob] Our concern
isn't combustion engine
regulations
so much as it is the--
- [man] It's not a concern, Bob?
- [Bob] It's not the concern.
I mean,
60% of American electricity
still comes from fossil fuels,
39.8 from natural gas alone,
and that number is climbing.
Now, nuclear, that's maxed out,
unless they build more reactors,
and that's not gonna happen.
Nuclear's not an option
for climate change advocates,
even though it's our cleanest
and most reliable
form of energy.
Wind is twice
as expensive as natural gas,
and solar,
four times as expensive.
Plus, on its best day
of the year,
a solar power plant
generates electricity
for about eight hours.
All our
electric vehicles are doing
is exporting their emissions
to the power plant.
Our greatest
potential for growth
is in exports.
China only consumes
14% of the world's
petroleum reserves.
India is at 4.9%.
Russia, a little over 3%.
We feel that our
lobbyists' focus
should be on easing
the regulations on exports.
Our LNG exports
to Europe last year
climbed to 64%
- of total exports--
- [clears throat] Bob.
Excuse me, if I may.
What you're not seeing
in the States
is this rabid opposition
to fossil fuels of any kind.
To their use,
to their extraction--
38% of the UK's electricity
came from
natural gas piped in
- from Norway, Steve.
- Gentlemen...
But-but one quarter's from wind,
which I agree is
unreliable and expensive, but--
and this is an important "but"--
- Steve...
- [Bob] Energy consumption
is not a social issue, Steve.
The hell it's not.
It's deeply social.
And we must endeavor ourselves
to educate the world
about our commitment
to cleaner ener--
Steve, will you
shut the fuck up? My God.
This is why
I don't come to these things.
Y'all have been in so many
shareholder meetings, you forgot
what it is
we actually do for a living.
We are well diggers.
We don't, nor can we ever,
control how our product is used
or what it is used for.
There's nothing I can do
to make an engine run cleaner
'cause I don't build
fucking engines.
I don't care what
the governor of California says
about electric vehicles.
I don't care how many
career college students
block London traffic or
spray-paint a fucking sculpture.
I care that the price of oil
stays between
$76 and $88 a barrel.
That is what
we should be discussing.
The world has
already convinced itself
that you are evil and I am evil
for providing them
the one fucking thing
they interact with every day,
and they will not
be convinced otherwise.
Stop wasting your time,
and stop fucking wasting mine.
Gee, Monty,
tell us how you really feel.
[laughter]
You better start caring, Monty.
I mean, your children are
going to inherit an oil fortune,
but your grandchildren won't.
What they inherit,
you're gonna
have to start building now.
I know the party's
not ending tomorrow, but...
it is ending.
♪ quiet, dramatic music ♪
***
[whirring]
[growls softly]
***
[barks softly]
[squeaks]
[sighs]
***
Are you smiling,
or are you fixin' to bite me?
[barking]
***
We really need
to work this out, you and me.
[panting]
[barks]
Baby steps. Fair enough.
Jefe.
***
Thank you.
I didn't know you could...
Never mind.
What?
Nothing.
It's-it's not my business.
Well, it's my business now.
What'd you want to say?
I-I just, I didn't know
you could drink alcohol
and, uh...
[chuckles] Oh.
More than one is no good,
but one helps my body
produce more milk.
***
It makes you so nervous
to talk about the body
and watch the body do the things
the body's supposed to do.
Why?
I don't know, I think
I'm just younger than you.
You don't look younger.
[chuckles] In life. I...
I mean, this is my first job.
None of my friends are married.
Your baby's the first baby
I've ever been around.
You're the first person
I've ever seen feed one.
[chuckles]
***
Your husband's the first person
I knew who died.
And here I am,
thinking I'm a man.
I asked my grandmother once
how old she felt in her soul.
She was 80,
but I always wondered
if she actually felt 80.
She said, in her heart,
she'll always be 17.
She told me the trick to life
is enduring all the loss
and pain of this place,
but stay 17 in your heart.
***
I wonder if I can do it.
The yard looks nice.
Thank you.
I'll, uh, I'll get started
on the front yard.
I don't care about
the front yard.
Front yard's for
the neighbors to look at.
Backyard's for me.
I'm gonna mow it anyway.
Why mow it when I tell you
I don't want it?
'Cause I...
I don't know how else to help.
***
[whirring]
This motherfucker.
[tires screech]
What the fuck
did I tell you? Huh?
I told you to stay
the fuck away.
Now you're playing husband?
Huh, motherfucker?
Stop it, Manuel! Stop it!
Tengo a mi niño
en la casa, pendejo.
What the fuck is this, huh?
Elvio barely in the ground,
and this peckerwood's
mowing the fucking lawn?
Yes, he's mowing the lawn.
After he mowed
the lawn in the back,
and weeded the garden,
and helped me
organize Elvio's bills
and build a budget.
How many times have you
come by to help, huh?
Where are
all his fucking friends?
Because you don't care
if I lose the house
or my baby starves.
You just care if I fuck
another man, huh?
That's where
you draw the line with my life.
Who do you think you are?
[baby crying]
Baby needs changing.
You gonna do it? I bet he would.
'Cause he wants to fuck you.
- He never mentioned that.
- It's what he wants.
Watch close, Manuel.
If he keeps
playing his cards right,
he might just get the chance.
Some fucking friend you are.
Get off my lawn
before I call the police.
Now.
[baby continues crying]
That's the second time
you've pointed a gun at me.
Third time's gonna be the last.
You're goddamn right it is.
And I'll see you tomorrow, motherfucker.
[engine starts]
[tires screeching]
[Rebecca sighs]
[doorbell chiming]
[Nathan]
Ah.
I'd like to start out by saying
this feels inappropriate.
Meeting in your residence.
It is also my office.
M-Tex doesn't have
an office in town?
We have remote offices
that move with the rigs
and satellite offices
at the man camps, but I promise,
you would find those
more inappropriate.
Do you want some coffee?
I'm fine.
So it breaks down like this:
three widows, eight dependents.
Youngest is three months.
I was thinking something
like 250 per household,
plus a college fund.
Uh... M-Tex could invest
that money now
and essentially pay the tuition
with the ROI,
minus the three teenagers.
It makes for a very attractive
and compassionate offer
that addresses
the short-term needs
and longer-term concerns
of the families.
Are you including the cash value
of their 401(k)s in that 250?
- I am not.
- So in the case of Luis,
it's more like a $600,000 offer.
Not really.
They're entitled to the 401(k)
- regardless of a settlement.
- They don't know that.
Their attorney will.
- Do they have attorneys?
- Not to my knowledge.
We're gonna make this deal
before they get them.
Let me just check
- with the insurance company's--
- Don't you dare.
The insurance company isn't
gonna offer them anything.
They're going to investigate
for a year,
claim it was negligence
on the part of the employees
and then wash their hands of it.
There is no cap
for economic or punitive damages
for wrongful death in Texas.
And this is a $40
or $50 million dollar lawsuit.
Per incident.
We won't let it get that far.
If they don't bite at 250,
we will offer 300.
If they don't bite there, 400.
And if they still don't bite,
I scare the shit out of them
for an hour,
and then we offer 500.
We are leaving each house
with a check on their table
and a fucking signature
on our settlement.
[Ainsley]
Hi, Rebecca.
- Still spring-breaking?
- [Ainsley] Yeah.
Are y'all working?
We're almost done.
Do you have a swimsuit?
Not on me.
Oh, well, you can borrow
one of mine.
[chuckles softly]
Yeah, I've got a lot of work
waiting for me
back at the hotel, so...
- Right.
- Yeah. I'm sorry.
Dang it.
I know, right?
Do y'all want some popcorn?
Popcorn?
Uh, no, I do not. Thank you.
Nate?
Oh, no, thanks.
It's only 30 calories a cup.
[chuckles]
Still. Thanks.
Okay.
- If you change your mind...
- Uh...
[door opens]
- [door closes]
- Are you kidding me?
I know.
The sexual harassment lawsuit's
literally writing itself.
I have made that point.
I will make it clearer.
Nothing would please me more.
- [truck beeping]
- Excuse me a moment.
Can I help you?
Got a delivery for Norris?
All right.
Mind if I take a look around
so we can make a game plan?
A look around?
The house.
- You guys can come on in.
- Ah, hi.
- Thank you.
- Mm.
Hi.
Uh, let's see...
Don't worry. Mama put it all
on her credit card.
Victor's credit card.
- I don't know a Victor.
- My stepfather.
Well, I guess he's
my ex-stepfather now.
Writing itself, and expanding
its scope into fraud or larceny,
depending how a prosecutor
chooses to approach this.
Someone should have plausible
deniability over this disaster.
Let's present this to
the families tomorrow morning.
I'll set it up.
[sighs]
[Angela] Great!
Can you guys please help me get
all this old shit out of here
and bring all the new shit in?
Okay?
And I'll be upstairs
if you need anything,
- all right?
- [mover] Yes, ma'am.
Oh, hey, Ned.
Nate.
Hey, I say we just take
everything out into the front
yard and unload the truck.
Sounds good to me.
Don't touch the files.
- Got it?
- Got it.
[grunting]
Um...
["Something in the Orange"
by Zach Bryan playing]
♪ I poisoned myself again ♪
♪ Something in the orange
tells me... ♪
[woman] That is
my absolute favorite song.
I'm Shelby.
Ainsley Norris.
From Aledo. I heard about you.
Heard about me how?
Well, the boys were all
drooling over you
at the country club.
Yeah, my mom sort of wore out
our welcome over there.
I heard that, too.
[chuckles]
Is your dad one of those
oil guys?
Yeah, it's my spring break.
And you're spending it
in Midland?
Well, we were supposed
to go to Tulum,
but a bunch of tourists
got killed,
and our parents,
like, freaked out
and canceled the whole thing.
So lame.
Well, there's a patch party
tomorrow night,
- if you want to go.
- What's a patch party?
We go out to the oil wells,
and bring kegs,
and circle up the cars
on the pad and, I don't know,
just dance and blow off
some steam.
How fun. Um, yeah.
Yeah, I'd love to go. What time?
9 or so.
Okay. Yeah, I'd love to go.
Great. [chuckles]
Well, I'll come over
and grab you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Course.
- Nice to meet you.
- Bye. You, too.
♪ Those headlights around ♪
♪ atmospheric music ♪
***
Goddamn it.
This one just started
dropping off this past month.
Goddamn it.
Which crew maintains this field?
Luis.
Oh.
These haven't
been reassigned yet.
Hey, Boss, can we add
a little to your plate?
Oh.
[sighs]
This is a ways
from my turf, Tommy.
I mean, ain't this part of that
co-op with Conoco over there?
Can't they take this on?
No, this ain't part
of the co-op.
Well, here comes a crew now.
Shit.
Bud, that ain't a crew.
Boss, you got anything with you?
Oh, she stays on me.
Listen, get pictures
of the license plates,
and don't get caught
doing it, all right?
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
[vehicle doors closing]
I been looking all over for you.
Yeah? Well,
all you have to do is
call the number
on the lease, Jimmy.
You don't know me
to call me my first name.
You call me fucking sir,
if you call me anything.
You and me got
a real fucking problem.
Yeah?
Yeah. You owe me a lot of money.
How's that?
When all my product burned up
on the side of my road.
Oh.
[laughs]
Let me explain something
to you, all right?
Number one,
it's our fucking road.
It's part of the lease,
and we have deeded access to it.
It's not your road
till the lease expires.
All right? Number two,
nowhere in this fucking lease
does it say
that you can land
a fucking plane on it,
and nowhere in this lease
does it say
that you can use a plane of ours
to truck your shit
into the country.
Because of you,
I've got lawyers up my ass
so far they can see
out of my mouth,
not to mention the sheriff,
and the FAA and the NTSB.
You just put a giant fucking
bull's-eye on this place.
You owe me a lot of money.
You know how much
that shit was worth?
Do you know how much
this shit's worth?
You're the one
with the problem, bud.
I'm not the one
with the problem.
See, the DEA has a satellite
above this fucking field now
just waiting to see what kind
of stupid shit you pull next.
And then you coming out here,
trying to shake me down
has zero effect
on the multibillion-dollar,
multinational corporations that
own and run this shit.
They don't care.
See, this is why
we didn't want you here.
You know, I got a boss too,
and he lost millions on my road.
He wants it back.
Maybe some of these wells
stop working.
Maybe some of 'em start
blowing the fuck up.
Bet they'll care then, huh?
Oh, yeah, they will.
They'll care so much
that the 1st Cavalry Division
of the United States fucking
Army will come out here
and start playing war games
inside a month.
You don't know
who you're fucking with, Jimmy.
So, why don't you just take
your licks, like a fucking man,
and quit stealing planes
and landing 'em
on fucking active
fucking roadways, all right?
Matter of fact,
I got a good idea.
How's this?
How about you buy
your own fucking plane,
build your own fucking runway?
How 'bout that?
Yeah, well, because then you
can trace the plane back to me,
and you know where it lands.
You stick to drilling wells.
You don't know anything
about my business.
But you're about to learn.
- [vehicle doors closing]
- [engines start]
DEA has a satellite
on our field?
Hell no, Dale.
I made that shit up.
[Boss]
That's a problem.
That's a real
fucking problem, Tommy.
I don't need my guys
coming out here,
getting shot up
by no fucking cartel
in the goddamn desert.
- I'll figure something out.
- Oh, you better.
Because none of us stepping foot
on this field until you do.
Goddamn it.
Dale, did you get it?
Filmed the whole fucking thing.
- Excellent.
- [engine starts]
[line ringing]
[phone ringing]
Yeah.
Hey, Monty, we got a problem
we got to talk about in person.
I'm headed back
to Fort Worth now.
All right, I'll come
see you tomorrow.
Yeah, afternoon's better.
Just come by the house.
Okay, I'll call you
when I get close.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
[sighs]
[exhales]
[water running]
[Ariana]
I'm sorry.
[water turns off]
For what?
For kissing you. [sighs]
It's just...
the insult of it, you know?
He does nothing to help,
which is fine--
I don't ask him to-- then
he questions who does and why?
I won't have it.
No, I guess not.
You want to know
something funny?
Elvio didn't
even like that prick.
[both chuckle]
You know, I'm just here
because you're brave enough
to ask for help
when you need it.
And I'm happy to give it,
if it's any help at all.
It helps.
And I need it.
Gonna be harder than I thought
to keep this heart young.
Um, I can make dinner.
Uh, dinner?
No, no, thank you, um...
I'm having dinner with...
with my family.
Oh. They live here?
Father does.
Uh, mother's in town for...
reasons I can't explain.
[chuckles]
This dinner's a "have to,"
not a "want to,"
if you know what I mean.
I used to know what you mean.
Then they all died.
Don't ever miss
a family dinner, Cooper.
'Cause one of them
will be the last.
Could even be this one.
Thank you for coming.
Yeah, um, I'll find out
about the 401(k).
You know what's
different about you?
My... my friends give me
all this advice.
Get a job. Sell the house.
Move home.
Find a man.
Like I don't know the options.
No advice from you.
If I could think of something
to say that would help,
I would say it.
Nobody has something
to say that helps,
but they keep talking.
You listen.
[sighs]
♪ gentle music ♪
***
[grunts softly]
[vehicle door opens, closes]
***
Hey.
Hi, Daddy.
Hey, honey.
Nate.
I'm gonna go, um-- yeah.
[Tommy]
Yeah, all right.
[keys jingle]
Has this wall always been red?
[chuckling]
No.
I didn't think so.
[classical music
playing on stereo]
What in the fuck
is going on here?
Honey?
Here we go.
Angela.
You said 7, remember?
No, you said 7,
I said I had to work.
- You said you'd try.
- What's all this shit?
- I did try.
- And you failed.
What in the fuck
is all this stuff here?
[laughs] Oh, I just steered into
the West Texas of it, right?
I mean, we're here.
There's no point
in decorating this place
like a condo in Dallas.
Well, where's the furniture
that was in here?
I gave it to the movers.
It don't belong to us.
We rent it.
Well, this is
your furniture now.
From a legal standpoint, no.
This would be...?
- Victor's.
- Victor's furniture, yes.
Charged it to
your husband, did you?
He hasn't checked a credit card
bill in decades, honey.
Well, he don't have to.
That's what his accountant
is for.
- Well, he doesn't either.
- [knocking at door]
[laughs, squeals]
[Angela whimpers] Aw.
Hey, baby, come here.
Oh, my God, you're so skinny.
God, you're filthy.
Have you been playing football?
I-I was helping
a friend mow the lawn.
Mm. Well...
God, wash your hands.
Oh, babe, take your boots off.
And do we have time
for Cooper to take a shower?
Hell, it's your show, honey.
I'm not gonna take a shower.
Okay.
Here, come sit
next to your sister.
You smell like the beach.
You smell like a goat.
- I'll see y'all after a while.
- Sit.
Okay.
[clears throat]
[exhales] Okay.
[sighs]
Mm.
My whole family together
for the first time in...
it's been ten years.
Sorry. I'm just
so fucking happy.
[gasps] Should we bless it?
Why not? I can use anything
I can get today.
Grab hands.
[clears throat]
[exasperated sigh]
I couldn't care less.
God cares.
- Ainsley, hold hands.
- [scoffs]
So gross.
[exhales]
Lord, thank you for this day
and thank you for bringing
my family back together.
And thank you
for Dale and Neal--
- Nathan. Nate.
- [laughs]
[Angela]
Oh, shit.
Sorry, Nathan. Nathan, God.
Course you know his name
'cause you're God,
but I didn't know it.
I know it now.
[sighs]
Thank you for this food--
which looks damn good,
if I do say so myself--
I found a butcher
that imports wild boar
from Italy,
if you can believe it.
If you're gonna make a
Bolognese, it is by far the best
to use wild boar
and not just ground pork.
We still praying?
I'm not sure. Maybe she forgot.
[Angela] Help us to be mindful
of those less fortunate.
Help us to celebrate you
by living our very best life.
- Amen.
- [Ainsley] Amen.
- [Dale and Nathan] Amen.
- Amen.
Let's eat. [laughs]
First time I've heard
blasphemy in a prayer.
[Angela]
Pass me the wine.
Okay.
So, the food is Italian
- and the wine is French.
- Mm.
This is a Pomerol
from the Bordeaux region.
It's a little wine-making
commune, isn't that cute?
I'm gonna grab a beer.
Dale, you want one?
- Thanks.
- All right.
Beer?
I can't drink wine.
How come you can't drink wine?
Because I'm an alcoholic.
When did they stop fermenting
beer, Mr. Alcoholic?
It's low-alcohol beer.
If they start making
low-alcohol wine,
I'll drink the shit out of it.
You're no fun.
Thank you.
[clears throat]
[blows nose]
[coughs, clears throat]
Mmm.
Here you go, bud.
[Angela clears throat]
[sighs] Are you all better
from your explosion, honey?
I'm fine.
You know,
your sister's following
in your footsteps, baby.
She's going to Tech.
I'm sure all the sororities
are beside themselves with joy.
Cooper, be nice.
Or maybe just don't speak.
For the rest of your life.
[Tommy]
So, uh...
What'd you say this stuff is?
Bolognese.
It's three types of meat--
veal, beef, and wild boar--
- like I was telling God.
- [Dale] Mm.
So, spaghetti.
Not spaghetti. No.
Spaghetti doesn't use
veal or pork
and it doesn't use cream
and it doesn't use sugar.
Is there sugar in this?
Not enough to make a difference.
[sighs]
How was your day, Nathan?
My day?
Mm-hmm.
[laughs]
Uh, I'm an attorney.
Oh?
Well, I can't...
My day is governed
by attorney-client privilege.
So you can't talk
about your day?
No, ma'am.
Mm-hmm.
Dale.
How was yours?
'Bout a five, don't you think?
Well, till the end of the day,
it was just about a two.
What happened?
You a fucking lawyer now, too?
You want to hear about my day?
All right, here it is.
I stood out in
a hundred-degree heat all day
staring at gauges
on fucking oil pumps,
until some cartel members
showed up
and demanded we pay 'em back
for the drugs they lost
on our lease
to the tune of about
$30 million dollars.
Guess how they took it
when I said no.
- That really happened?
- Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, it really happened.
Does Monty know?
I'm going over there tomorrow.
[opera music playing]
***
Well, let's see. What else?
My hemorrhoid finally burst.
[groans]
It's amazing how 80 miles
of dirt road will
work through
one of those pesky ones.
Excuse me.
[dishes clatter]
Dad.
What?
Go talk to her. Say sorry.
All right.
[Ainsley]
Be nice.
You don't think we're
doing this every night, do you?
I don't know, but this fucking
spaghetti's pretty good, though.
Didn't take you long
to ruin that dinner.
[pot bangs against trash can]
I spent all day
shopping and decorating
and cooking for you.
That's your three
favorite things to do, so
I'm glad you did 'em, honey,
but if we have
a mouse fart's chance in hell
of making this work,
you got to remember
why we're here.
[groans]
We're here to work.
Midland's not home to any of us.
How long have you
been here, Tommy?
Hmm?
You know, let me answer for you.
Thirty-three years.
You may not like your home,
but this is it.
And I need this to feel like
a home, if we're gonna be in it.
All right, well, if you want
to put a hundred grand
on your husband's credit card
to spruce the place up--
Two hundred and twenty.
Okay. Well, do it for you.
Do it 'cause you like it.
You know, don't do it for us,
and don't expect us
to appreciate it, or even care.
I mean, if you want to cook,
be my guest,
but don't expect us
to be here when it's ready.
And don't expect us
to appreciate it.
I mean, we do,
but don't expect it.
See, that's the problem.
You got this image in your brain
of how everything's
supposed to go,
but we don't know what that is,
you know? We don't see it.
So, when it don't go the way
you dreamed it up,
you get pissed off,
you throw a tantrum,
and then I get pissed off,
throw a bigger tantrum,
and then we're back
to square one.
[sighs]
Our children hate each other.
Honey, they're teenagers.
They're supposed to
hate each other.
Cooper is not a teenager.
He's a man.
I mean, a man.
When the fuck did that happen?
I mean, do I look like a woman
with a 22-year-old?
I'm turning into a GMILF.
The hell's a GMILF?
A grandmother I'd like to fuck.
I'm aging out of cougar,
for fuck's sake.
All right, well, listen, honey.
Uh, let me ask you a question,
and when I do,
please don't hit me, all right?
What?
At what point are we
in your menstrual cycle?
Oh, you motherfucker,
don't you dare.
Well, let me guess.
I'm gonna say
right towards the end.
You need to be real careful.
Am I wrong?
I am stone-ass serious
right now.
Tell me the fucking truth,
am I wrong?
[laughs] It's coming any minute.
That's what I figured.
[chuckles] I need a Midol
and a fucking margarita.
Well, here's the good news,
we got all of that.
- [crying]
- Come here, honey.
Come here.
[sniffles]
[sighs]
You just cry it all out,
and then we'll go finish the
spaghetti before it gets cold,
all right?
Call it spaghetti again
and see what happens.
Spaghetti.
God, you just couldn't
help yourself, could you?
Oh!
- You like that?
- No.
- I don't like that.
- Mm.
Why in the hell do you think
I would like that?
[laughs]
[Angela]
You're fine.
This is an unsustainable way
for us all to cohabitate.
It's got a shelf life,
that's for sure.
[Angela laughing]
What're you smiling for?
Why aren't you?
That's the question.
'Cause I'm old enough
to remember
when they were together.
[Angela laughing]
[opera music continues]
♪ slow, somber music ♪
***
[phone buzzing]
You okay?
[shuddering]
I'm really scared.
Scared of what?
Every car that drives by.
Every creak this house makes.
I... [sniffles]
I don't know how
to do this by myself.
I just don't know how to do it.
[sniffles] I'm too scared
to even miss him.
You got that big dog
by you, yeah?
Yeah, he's on the bed.
Well, there's not
a boogeyman in the world
that wants to mess
with that dog.
That's why Elvio got him.
To watch over us
while he was working.
He chose well.
You've got plenty of things
to worry about,
but someone coming in that house
is not one of them.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Sorry for calling so late.
You call anytime.
Good night.
[sniffles]
***
Out late, huh?
Get this motherfucker.
[grunting]
[objects crashing]
***
[sighs softly]
[sighs]
[exhales]
Mm.
♪ gentle music ♪
I didn't mean to wake you up.
It's an early one, huh?
Yeah, I got to go to Fort Worth.
When are you back?
When your period's over.
Watch it.
No, late tonight
or in the morning.
You want me to bring you
something back from up there?
[sighs]
I should go, too.
I need to sit down with Victor.
Honey, I think he's probably
got it all figured out by now.
I mean, he was good to me.
- Yeah.
- And he was good to our kids.
He deserves a face-to-face.
Yeah, well, I know
you think about it that way,
but from a man's perspective,
I'd rather you just call me.
That way you're not sitting
around the living room,
- all awkward and stuff.
- Mm-hmm.
Doing some weird handshake
or half a hug.
Now, if you need
to do it for you,
then I get it,
that's another thing.
Well, I do.
'Cause this feels like cheating.
Well, hell,
it is cheating, honey.
- It's been cheating.
- [groans]
Going to Fort Worth is
not gonna change anything.
Especially for him.
He has my car.
[laughs] Okay,
now we're getting somewhere.
Can I ride with you?
You can do anything you want to.
- [chuckles softly]
- [keys jingle]
[sighs]
Last chance to back out
if you don't want this.
If you don't think
we can make this work.
I don't think we have
an ice cube's chance in hell
to make this work.
But I don't possess the power
to say no to you.
Especially when you look
at me like that.
[sighs] You are so close
to being trained.
[laughs]
Is that right?
[laughs, sighs]
Get dressed.
I'll meet you downstairs.
***
[rap music playing over stereo]
Hey, you all know
where this fool is?
♪ There's a lot at stake ♪
♪ So you know I'm A-1 ♪
♪ This is my time ♪
♪ Gotta climb up... ♪
Just leave him.
♪ Before my time's up ♪
♪ I know that feeling,
that could never stop me ♪
♪ I gotta grind now ♪
♪ They could never copy... ♪
♪ suspenseful music ♪
***
[Angela]
Whoo! I mean, let's go!
[laughs]
[groans]
This is gonna be fun.
- This is like a road trip.
- It is a road trip.
That's what they mean
when they say road trip,
what we're doing right now.
Grumpy without coffee. Here.
Not right now.
I'll get to it later.
We should play
one of those games
where every time you see
an out-of-state license plate
you get a point,
and when you see a car
with only one headlight working
you get five points.
How do we know they only
got one headlight?
It's daytime.
Nobody's got
their fucking headlights on.
What happened to your inability
to say no to me,
you stick
in the motherfucking mud?
I can't do this for four hours.
- [scoffs]
- [phone buzzing]
Yeah.
[Rick over phone]
Hey, you need to come
see the mess
they made over here.
They got all my pipes
stacked together.
Six-inch, eight-inch, ten-inch
bundled like fucking T-posts.
They should've come
on separate trucks.
Yeah, they should've done
a lot of shit they didn't do.
I'm gonna need a Cat
with a magnet over here
to sort this shit out.
Well, I'm about ten minutes
from you.
I'll be right there, all right?
We got to take
a little detour, honey.
I'm gonna get to see you work?
That's so hot.
You gonna yell at anybody?
Yeah, probably.
You want me to give you
a hand job?
[laughs]
Sweetheart, you got to stay
in the truck.
Stay here?
Yeah. There's cranes
and excavators
and front-end loaders
moving shit everywhere.
You got to have a hard hat
and steel-toe boots.
Well, are your boots steel-toed?
[chuckling]
Don't you look at me that way.
[laughs]
You're bringing
that hard hat home.
[laughs]
My God.
You see this shit?
It's gonna take me two
fucking days to sort this out.
Yeah, well, that's faster
than they can.
I shouldn't have
to do it at all.
It's a waste of my fucking time.
- Someone move those pipes!
- No, no, no, no, no.
Do not move the pipes.
He'll bleed out.
Don't touch him.
[man]
We need a Med Sled out here!
[Tommy]
Hey, buddy...
[panting]
- Hey, Rick.
- [grunts]
Hang in there, buddy.
You just breathe slow.
Don't get all excited.
- All right?
- I want to call my wife.
I-I don't have my phone.
I don't have my phone.
Okay, here. Here.
Okay. There you go.
Listen, we're gonna get you
some help, all right?
[Rick]
Wait, wait, wait. Hey. Hey.
[panting]
What do I, what do I tell her?
Tell her you love her.
♪ tense music ♪
Pick up. Pick up.
- Give me your phone.
- What's wrong?
Honey, just give me your phone.
- What happened?
- And stay in the truck, please.
[line ringing]
[dispatcher]
911, what's your emergency?
Yes, I'm at a drilling rig
off of Country Road 137.
I'm gonna send you
GPS coordinates.
I've got a white male,
in his 30s,
and his body's been crushed.
[dispatcher]
How was it crushed, sir?
- Oil field pipe.
- [dispatcher] Is he breathing?
[Tommy]
No, ma'am.
[dispatcher] Okay, do you or
anyone on the scene know CPR?
It's not possible
to give him CPR.
[singer vocalizing]
***
♪ atmospheric music ♪